c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\ReflectionWpf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\ReflectionWpf_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\ReflectionWpf_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\ReflectionWpf.pdb
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\ReflectionWpf.pdb
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.dll
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.xml
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\ReflectionWpf.g.resources
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\ReflectionWpf.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\ReflectionWpf.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\declan.taylor\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\Themes\ReflectionAttributeControl.baml
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\ReflectionWpf.dll.config
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\ReflectionWpf.dll
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\obj\Debug\ReflectionWpf.dll
c:\users\declan.taylor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ReflectionWpf\ReflectionWpf\bin\Debug\INotifyPropertyChangedExtensions.dll
